Layout and text for aboutme.html

On left center of screen, I need to find a good portrait shot of myself.

On right side of screen, my bio information.

Bio:
    My name is Gray, and I'm currently in my third year at (LINK)Middlebury College in Middlebury, Vermont, where I'm
    pursuing a degree in Computer Science. I'm an aspiring software engineer with experience using the following
    technologies and languages:

    Languages: Python, JavaScript (ES6), HTML5, CSS, C, Java
    Frameworks: AngularJS, Bootstrap
    Systems: Windows, Linux/Unix, MacOS
    Other Technologies: Git, Gulp, WebStorm IDE

    As a Software Engineering Intern with FactSet Research Systems this past summer, I had the privilege of being able to take charge of
    my own (LINK)project where I built a frontend AngularJS web application from the ground up. While this introduced me to the (ADJECTIVE)
    world of web development, I'm also passionate about learning new technologies, and hope to add more to my repertoire
    as I progress through college and beyond. In fact, I've recently started learning Swift and iOS App Development!

    At Middlebury, I've taken courses focusing on several key facets of Computer Science, such as Data
    Structures, Algorithms and Complexity, and Object-Oriented programming. Ever since taking a Computer Architecture
    course last year I've developed an interest in the systems side of computer science, and I'm currently taking a
    course in Systems Programming to learn more about this fascinating field.

    When I'm not in the classroom or working on my latest project, I enjoy spending time outside. I've been an avid
    skier since I was young, and love heading up to either Stowe or Sugarbush to hit the slopes in the winter.

    I'm also a nationally certified Emergency Medical Technician, and volunteer both at home and at school. Back home,
    I'm an adult adviser for a volunteer ambulance organization called (LINK)Darien EMS - Post 53. What makes Post 53 so
    unique is that it has been run primarily by high school students throughout its almost 50 year history. While
    an adult adviser is present on almost every call that Post 53 responds to, the young adults, or "Posties", comprise
    the majority of the ambulance crew and run the day-to-day operations of the organization. Volunteering has always
    been a big part of who I am, and being a volunteer EMT is one of the best ways to give back to the community, as
    I'm there to help people when they need it most.